Partial transcript of a 1 on 1 meeting between my manager Jeron Chen and me Christopher Nguyen

Transcription: And then for the library work, I do think Archon's Razor, if we can get just a simple stoichiometric way of spiking in the libraries, VP1, VP2, with VHH, that can make that work. That is probably the easiest, but I don't have high confidence that it's working. And the splicing thing is very much unproven. So I definitely want to be very systematic about splicing approach, not just jump straight in. Yeah, that makes sense. And then I will be, I'll probably put a little 10% brain power on just exploring further other options. I don't know if I'll be able to find any that are promising, but of course. Yeah. Keep thinking. This is just like the very primitive ideas that we came up with last year, and that by no definition, it's going to be a done deal. It's just, I think, you know, yeah. I think I missed the last couple of notes around stoichiometry, and then getting something from Damian. No, no, no. Sorry. That's not my real approach. For the Damian part, get this POC done as quick as possible. Let's try to aim for getting to mouse in March. This way we can get, let's say end of March, and that means data come back later in April. And then that means we'll have slide decks in May. Yeah, this is, I mean, the slide deck probably coming in April as well, but at least we'll have something ready in May. And then the library approach, let's get the non-AV context explored as soon as possible, and then let's try to aim for a Gen 1 slicing-based approach in, let's say, March. Yeah, that's the end of March. Yeah. The highest burden of proof on us for this technology is going to be going to animals for the library, or even actually just going in cells. So if non-viral group can do a yeast display on, let's say, 1,000 antibodies and get a ranked binding affinity, and we can then take that 1,000 and turn it into a library and put it into cells, and then see a similar type of ranked approach for transduction, then that would be the most beautiful data set. That A-B display and yeast display have the same database, actually. That would have to be in animals. In animals or in vitro, even, transduction. This is sort of like ALPL, right? Yeah, ALPL, yeah. To get a rank order of binding in a crude way. Maybe just mice, right? Not ALPL mice. All mice have ALPL. But I get what you mean here. Yeah. And then if we can do this, this is going to be the coolest technology. It doesn't matter how we do the library. If we can get a library done, this is going to be the coolest technology that came into A-B field in a long time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And the next step after this, this is what you're going to like more, actually, is AI-generated binders, and then put it onto A-B display. Mm-hmm. And that, I want to start, if this works at all, that's going to come later in the year, probably around, the moment we show proof of concept this works, we're doing it for arbitrary binders, not just nanobodies and whatnot. So the reason why nanobody is highly prioritized is because it's presentability to a shuttle platform. Omega protein binders are not translatable for two reasons. One, they're typically more immunogenic. Mm-hmm. And two, they are really hard to make safe. So as a shuttle, you can keep dosing it over and over again regularly, but for viruses, we don't care. We dose it once, it forms a capsid, redirect capsid, done. The nice part about the nanoprotein approach is that you can combine a yeast platform so that we can, for example, have a yeast display platform do 10,000 amino proteins, get a good binder, and then throw it on the capsid, and to redirect it to our specific receptor interest. So it's a lot faster than AAV-based selection, because yeast display is so much faster. I know Matthew would disagree with that, but I don't think he is thinking unbiasedly. So yeah, I'm just curious about this, making sure I understand. Yeah. The overall goal is to, we're back in a world where what we're trying to do is take an AAV and change how it wor
11:42
ks, ultimately? Or am I not understanding? Yes, yes. Change where it goes, where it will hang out more. Okay. I think I get it, but you're essentially using yeast. You first use a yeast display to screen through 10,000 AI-generated binders to something, and then the ones with some window of affinity, you stick on the AAV and see if it works. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. And then if that mini-protein works as a way of successfully redirecting AAVs, then we open a whole new branch of business for Voyager for mini-protein-based screening platform. And there is only three major players right now. I think one of them got 500 million from AAV, and then Roche got, was it Roche or Regeneron? I forgot who, with a manifold. But basically, this will be very, very industry-defining technology. Okay. Actually, yeah, maybe I was still not quite understanding. So the goal, you're still using the AAV as a screening platform, but now it's not just... So changing the AAV's biological phenotype is the validation of a successful mini-protein identification. Yep, yep, yep. And you can do it in library format because it's AAV. What you see enriched wherever is what the genome is. Yes. Yeah. Or rather, the other way around. Whatever you see enriched somewhere by NGS tells you what the mini-protein amino acid sequence was. Yep, yep, yep, yep. So right now, manifold approach works in a certain way, but it's not scalable, I think. I don't know. I don't know. I don't see it going beyond several hundred in terms of using their peptide-based deconvolution method. And their in vivo phage display is not super quality readout. But if we can combine the cheap and speed of yeast display and phage display from the non-viral team, take the top 1,000 or 10,000 candidates, throw it onto AAV, you do one screening animal, you get a readout, boom, you're done. You just shrunk 10 years of work into a couple months. Yep. Yep. That's an exciting possibility. Yeah. Gotta tunnel through a little mountain first. Yep, yep, yep. So the library is—so the mosaic is basically proof that expression of these binders can redirect AAV, but that's just laying the groundwork for the library so that the library data can be, you know, at least establish a mechanistic background for the library. The library is where the money is. Yeah. Yep. Okay. All right. Cool, cool, cool. I will work this week on—these couple weeks trying to get you more examples of splicing elements that we can pair up and try. I will—the way I'll give it to you is we have the 3-prime and 5-prime end and where the splicing—observed splicing is, and I'll give you the intron as well so that we can play around with how much we truncate from the intron. That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. So I just got a huge data set from another project that looked at hex cells, and you look at a splicing pattern in those data sets, and I'll ask Luna to help me generate some data. Yeah. This is just like public data or— Oh, no. We generate our own data. This is—I believe this is HeLa and the hex cell splicing. Yeah, so just RNA—just straight RNA-seq of HeLa and hex cells, and you're looking for those money introns that are like 20% or— Yeah. The 20% excluded? 20% included. Included. 20% included. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm aiming for 10% to 30% that we know. Yeah. Because I have a transcriptome protein, so I'm erring on the more and more messy side. Yeah. Yeah, I think 30% is probably safe because there's always other splicing. There's another minor acceptor later on in pretty far along in VP3, so there's a minor acceptor site there. So not every single transcript will successfully become a protein. Yeah. I mean, do we want to make use of that, or do we want to remove that as a confounder? I kind of want to just ignore it for now. I'm not sure it's wise, but— Yeah. I mean, we can almost certainly—I could almost certainly remove— as long as it's not part of the AEP frame, I could almost certainly remove it without messing up anything. Well, we don't know wha
11:42
t its function is, so— Yeah, right. Yeah. Okay. I mean, I could remove it without messing up any protein sequences, but— Sure, sure. Yeah, it's really hard to know. Yeah. It's really hard to know what—there are so many hidden cis elements in this— Yeah. —in this AAV genome. Yeah. AAV is incredibly efficient in how it encodes proteins. There is, well, VP123 in your frame 1. You have MAP in the early part of VP1. You have AEP in the middle of VP2. Mm-hmm. So there's, like, what? Like five proteins from the same piece of DNA. And then on top of that, there are a couple of other weird cis elements that most people don't think about. Yeah. But there's even, like, something—someone described a replication origin in there. Yeah. And that is wild, but I'm pretty sure VP1 also contains a pest domain. Mm. So you actually have, you know, a lot of the VP1s being degraded to maintain a 1 to 1 to 10 ratio. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, yeah, I will get working on this, and I'll send you the panel of designs before I send in the flash gene order. Okay. Just reviewing. Just, you know, I'll send you a couple of slides. Okay. That'll be awesome. That'll be awesome. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's all I had for now. Perfect. Were there any other— There's a lot to think about. I hope you're recharged, because it'll be a rough six months to try and get this POC out. Yes. Yeah? Yeah. Yep. I told Changsu that you might also need help with some viral production later in Q2, I believe. Mm-hmm. But timeline-wise, you'd be the judge of that. But I do think that if you need help, definitely ask. And it's better to ask up front so that people can have a heads-up instead of getting too close. So if people could help with viral production, obviously Matt can help. Mm-hmm. Jack can help. Yeah. If there's any work where we're just going to transduce cells in vitro, Changsu's team is familiar with doing that. Yeah. We're doing very, very small-scale ionic signals in the beginning. And just enough to make Western and maybe the whole construction in vitro. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. And then, yeah, in the mouse study, I guess we can do ionic signal and do buffer exchange, although we might lose too much for that. Mm-hmm. But we'll see. Mm-hmm. Okay. But anyway, once we get the mosaic going, I think once we get POC on that, we can drop it and focus full-time on library. Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Awesome. Awesome. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Excellent. Okay. Thank you. Cool. Good luck. All right. Is this the slide deck I shared with you? Is it just adding to it, or is that the running deck? This – I need to – Yep. Yeah, this is just the old – this is the beginning of a new running deck. I need to dump these slides into that as some reference slides in the back. But, yes, basically what you said is what that is. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Sounds good. And one more thing. Meeting cadence. I'm going to set up a bi-weekly meeting with you, me, and Damien. Mm-hmm. And we're going to just talk about this project. And Ishan. Ishan is optional. And then you don't have to attend the payload meeting anymore. Sure. Okay. Unless you want to, that is. Yeah. You can make me optional. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. And then for the Friday gene therapy meetings, I will alternate between the payload team and you and the data team for presentation. Yep. Mm-hmm. Sounds good to me. So a current look at probably every other month for you. Yep. Mm-hmm. Or slightly more frequent than that. But I think that's the cadence right now. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. See you soon. Bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 